# Research records 05
[Other Researches](../README.md)

## Contents
1. [Node-Red](#node-red)
2. [Scaling and Testing](#scaling-and-testing)
    - [What will be issues scaling up (system size, number of systems, management)?](#what-will-be-issues-scaling-up-system-size-number-of-systems-management)
    - [How can we do testing?](#how-can-we-do-testing)
    - [What would you like to see for scaling up? (What is not so great currently?)](#what-would-you-like-to-see-for-scaling-up-what-is-not-so-great-currently)
    - [What role will play simulator(-component)s, MQTT, and stories?](#what-role-will-play-simulator-components-mqtt-and-stories)
3. [Lab](#lab)

## Node-Red
First, we started by aknowledging how Node-red helps us with these projects. For me, I think it is easiar and more visual. Also, it allows you to make mqtt connections in a easier way.

## Scaling and Testing
Then, we asked some questions about scaling and testing.

### What will be issues scaling up (system size, number of systems, management)?
- **Device Managment:**
It can be hard to handle a big amount of devices and making sure they are secure and up to date.

- **Data Handling:**
It would be necessary to have good storage and ways to make sense of the data to deal with the data generated by lots of devices.

- **MQTT Topics:** 
You would need more MQTT topics, each of them better defined.

- **Costs:**
Lots of devices equals lots of money spent on buying, running and maintaining.

### How can we do testing?
- **Device Testing:** 
Test each device individually to make sure it can connect to the internet, send and receive data. Make sure it works properly.

- **Interoperablity Testing:** 
Make sure the different kinds of devices can work together and that they understand each other's messages.

- **Simulation:**
Simulate either the amount of devices or the network flow.

- **Security Testing:** 
Attempt to find potential vulnerabilities or resilience against attacks.

### What would you like to see for scaling up? (What is not so great currently?)
- **Data Efficiency:**
Developing better data compression and transmission methods to reduce the amount of data transferred. This can lead to a better optimized network bandwidth and less storage costs.

- **AI and Machine Learning Integration:**
Improving the integration of AI and machine learning for real-time analytics and predictive maintenance, enabling more proactive decision-making.

- **Futureproof Hardware**
Improving the components, quality and capacities of the hardware to make it last more than a few years.

### What role will play simulator(-component)s, MQTT, and stories?
- **Simmulatiors:**
Plays a crucial role in testing the system's capabilities and responses under different conditions.

- **MQTT:**
Plays a big role as it facilitates integration, standardizes communication, enhances security and ensures quality of service.

- **Stories:**
Serves as the bases for testing. Sets real-world scenarios to evaluate the performance of the system and its reliability.

## Lab
Activities can be found in the Group1 folder: 
[Activities](/Teamfolder/Group1/exercises/exercise05/README.md)